1.
Open Visual Studio and create a new project.
Make sure you know the location that the folder is being created. 
This new project should be to create web forms and you can use the Empty Template.

2. 
Create a New Web Form (Empty One), in the root of your new project.
Make sure you will be using Visual C# for the programming language,
and name this new web form (page) as firstpage.aspx.

3. 
Create a web control that will be used in your page - you can make the registration 
of the web control at the page level or at the web.config level. 
The name of the web control should be mycontrol.ascx and it should have a footer
HTML5 element with a single paragraph that will have your name and Copyright c
yourname (substitute yourname by your name) remember that there is something called
special characters in the HTML to produce the copyright symbol).

4.
Open the firstpage.aspx and in the first div, insert a title as a heading 1 (<h1>...</h1>).
Make this heading red and bold - you should style using CSS (and preferably you should 
have an external). You can name your CSS file mystyle.css file.

5.
Create a new paragraph and inside that paragraph bring a Label from the Toolbox. 
Double-click on any blank part of the firstpage.aspx (outside the dashed rectangle that 
involves all your page - the div) and when the Code Behind page (firstpage.aspx.cs) shows up,
type the following code:

Code for C# -> Label1.Text = "This is the page for my project. Today is " +
DateTime.Now.ToString();

6.
Give some line breaks from the label you created in step 5 and drag one 
Textbox where the user will type his/her name. Then give two other line breaks 
and insert a drop-down list with the following choices: 
English, Spanish, Chinese, Other.

7.
Insert below these controls: a Submit button and program that Submit button in a way
that when that Submit button is clicked, you will make the Label of step 5 invisible,
the Textbox and drop-down list also invisible but you will simply show a sentence as:

Dear xxx, it seems that you prefer to receive information in yyy

Where xxx is the name the user typed in the Textbox and yyy is the choice that the 
user did from the drop-down list.

9.
Make sure that when the page opens in the browser first, the Label from step 5 will be 
shown with the sentence that came from the code behind, also you will have the Textbox
for the user to type his/her name, the drop-down list with the options requested, the 
Submit button but also the web control you created in step 3 as a footer for the page.

10.
When you fill out the text box in the browser, make the selection in the drop-down 
list and click on the Submit button and you should then not see the label, neither the
drop-down list, neither the Submit button but you should still see the heading, the footer
and the sentence you programmed in step 7.

Note:
The folder in this project should be able to be opened in Visual Studio.
The formatting requested includes headings, textbox, label, and button.
The page in this project should open in a browser (showing the label, the text box, 
the drop-down list, the submit button, the footer (as a web control)).
The programming for this project was inserted to make the sentence of step 7 show
with the name of the user and the selection the user did from the drop-down list.

projectOne.zip can be found in the serverSideTech_Web repository.
